if you can't learn to run with the pack
one of these days you'll be someone's
dinner
akan help but notice as the strange
older today man is forbidden
the jungle is no longer safe for you but
isn't my home only man can protect you
now
for sweet little Cove what are you doing
so deep in the jungle you are a man-cub
who wants to live in a jungle how you
know that kid I got is my is got is only
I can protect you
forget about your lives in Australia
that's a song about the good life
he will stop at nothing to be has this
boring if anything happens to that kid
I'll never forgive myself
come on Mowgli let's be on our way but
I'm helping Baloo get ready for
hibernation bears don't hibernate in a
jungle not full hibernation but i nap a
lot
you